# 哈佛大学公开课：构建动态网站笔记

### Harvard Extension School Computer Science E-75 Building Dynamic Websites

#### [http://cs75.tv](http://cs75.tv)

> *Today's websites are increasingly dynamic. Pages are no longer static HTML files but instead generated by scripts and database calls. User interfaces are more seamless, with technologies like Ajax replacing traditional page reloads. This course teaches students how to build dynamic websites with Ajax and with Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP (LAMP), one of today's most popular frameworks. Students learn how to set up domain names with DNS, how to structure pages with XHTML and CSS, how to program in JavaScript and PHP, how to configure Apache and MySQL, how to design and query databases with SQL, how to use Ajax with both XML and JSON, and how to build mashups. The course explores issues of security, scalability, and cross-browser support and also discusses enterprise-level deployments of websites, including third-party hosting, virtualization, colocation in data centers, firewalling, and load-balancing.*


### About:

> This is OpenCourseWare.

> Computer Science E-75 is a course at Harvard Extension School (also known as Computer Science S-75 at Harvard Summer School).

> Even if you are not a student at Harvard, you are welcome to "take" this course via cs75.tv by following along via the Internet. (The course's own website is at www.cs75.net.) Available at left are videos of lectures along with PDFs of projects. Sample solutions to the latter are not available, but if you have questions or would like to discuss the material with others, do join the course's Google Group.

> If you're a teacher, you are welcome to adopt or adapt these materials for your own course, per the license.

> Special thanks to Chris Thayer and Harvard Extension School for the course's videos.

*David J.Malan, Instructor*

*[Copyright © 2010 – 2017, David J. Malan of Harvard University](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/)*
